The aim of the game is to get 10 Victory Points. This can be done by building settlements(1VP), cities(2VP), buying
development cards(1/5 chance) or by earning the longest road(2VP) or largest army(2VP). In order to buy these you
must collect resources by having an outpost(settlement or city) on the corner of a tile when its number is rolled.


On your turn you must first roll the dice(by clicking on them) then you can build and/or trade. In order to build an
outpost, click twice on the corner you wish to place them on. This must be connected to a road of your colour and be
at least two corners away from any other outpost. A city must be played ontop of an existing settlement that that
player owns. To build a road you must click on the corners either end of the edge
you want to place it on. This must be attached to another of your roads. To buy a development card click on the
'development' button then click 'buy'. Development cards are randomly one of knight (P=14/25) which allows you to move
the robber and steal one resource from the owner of an outpost adjacent to the new robber tile, a monopoly (2/25)
allowing you to announce any one type of resource then all other player must give you all of their cards of that
resource, a road building (2/25) allowing you to play two new roads as if you just bought them, a year of plenty (2/25)
meaning you acquire two of any resource(s) from the bank, or a victory point (5/25) which is worth one VP. Other than
VP (which is played automatically when it would cause you to have 10 or more VP) these cannot be played on the turn you buy them. 


To trade press the 'trade' button then use the arrows to selects which resources you are inputtining into the trade
and which resources you want in return. If you want to trade with other players after selecting the resources press
'complete trade'. If you want to trade with the bank press 'trade with bank' instead. For a normal bank trade you must
input in 4 of the same type in return for 1 of another. If you have an outpost on a purple harbour you only input 3.
If you have another harbour then you input 2 of that specific resource for 1 of another. You can only trade with resurces you currently have.


If the dice add to 7 then a 'robber turn' starts and players with more than 7 cards must discard half of their
resources rounded down. Then the player whos turn it is moves the robber and steals a resurce card. When the robber is
on a tile that tile doesnt produce resources. 